Flux 0.174.1 Release Notes (#4205)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/flux/v0.x/release-notes.md

---

## v0.174.1 [2022-07-12]

### Bug fixes

> - Update [`aggregate.mean()`](/flux/v0.x/stdlib/contrib/jsternberg/aggregate/mean/) 
>   and [`aggregate.sum()`](/flux/v0.x/stdlib/contrib/jsternberg/aggregate/sum/) 
>   to handle null values.

Reviewer: This isn't referring to those two functions. This is a special optimization built into `aggregateWindow()` specifically when using `sum` and `mean` to aggregate data. This optimization wasn't handling null values correctly.

```suggestion
- Update [`aggregateWindow()`](/flux/v0.x/stdlib/universe/aggregatewindow/) 
  to correctly handle null values when using `sum` or `mean`.
```
